I put myself in a neutral state, I breathe the prana.
I'm going to take the tubercle of the third adductor.
I place my hands like this.
And I'm going to place myself on the body here.
And remember, I don't impose, I just settle in.
And here, I have the axis, somewhere from birth, you see.
see.
It needs to be well centered here.
I observe the space around, and it's the space around that guides me.
So here, I feel that this side is a
little more compressed, but I'm not trying to decompress it,
I just saw it.
The left side is a little more relaxed. Once I've seen it, I turn the page.
In this tool that I have, I don't have the freedom of these axes.
I'm going to take here, I'm going to place myself, I have the trochanter, I take my hand.
a little on the buttock here, with my thenar eminence towards
the trochanter.
I take here, and there I take it like a bowl, like
a basin where I touch the body here,
I am aware of my hands, but 90% of my attention is directed outwards, into
I wait for the neutral, little by little, to settle in Sophie.
little by little, the neutrals will meet
or not
if I manage to have this encounter
of neutrals, I completely let
the process unfold
if there isn't
maybe I need to intervene, otherwise
I know it will be
better if it's life around
there, there's a small movement
of space turning like that
I go to that point
I wait
I am patient.
There, a process is starting.
What do you feel?
I felt like a wave from right to left, I would say.
Initially, it made a wave-like movement.
Then it made a rebalancing like that.
I check here if I have a different sensation.
It's different, but it's not finished.
I don't have that feeling of harmony yet.
Symmetry does not exist.
It doesn't exist in the body, it doesn't exist in life, but harmony does exist.
Okay, I'm going to continue here, you go to the other side if that's okay for you, I'll put myself here,
and there I take the pelvis again, but there I take it a little lower, I take it under the
ischial tuberosities, lifted a buttock here, I go here, my hand must be flat and
relaxed, you can let it go,
there, same principle, I place it, it's as if it were carried in space.
but I am very relaxed and there you have to be a little patient and there
I create a fulcrum
at the top of the head or at different levels I do it at the top of the head and I make like a
triangle there to be able to work with the space around my
midline small tide for the
moment it's its own process there I'm going to place myself just above the pubis
above the pubis
and the hand here, like this.
There, you settle in little by little.
Has it balanced my hand position?
You have to take this whole peritoneal sac,
these lines of force,
with the Müllerian duct,
the Wolffian duct,
which meet towards the midline.
Little by little, when I place my hands,
it's as if at some point,
everything gathers in my hand
and everything refocuses.
prostatic or uterine level. It is a concentration of the peritoneum.
At the same time, I am aware of the round ligament, the falciform ligament, the entire peritoneum,
but at the same time I am aware of this posterior parietal peritoneum.
This is a very interesting approach to do post-delivery.
If there was a difficult delivery, if there was a C-section,
the uterus has not regained its energetic plane, its full integrity.
It already has an integrity, so it has already brought its energy down a bit.
There is still something happening a little upwards,
but she is busy little by little gathering it.
When a process begins, you will suddenly perceive a vibrational change,
but in thermodynamics, that is, by heat.
It feels good, you'll see.
Afterwards, it will really give you a point like that.
It's still, you see, it's still...
a little high at the beginning I have some patients who have problems it can hurt a little
and there you need to have a very relaxed hand
don't forget that I always place myself on the microcrystalline field
and now I naturally place myself in relation to the observation of the
breathing there she will exhale and
there I pass I would say that for the moment
it's busy
transversally gathering.
It's as if the whole system
azygos or
the lumbar system,
the lumbar veins,
is gradually busy
gathering the blood.
There, there's just been a small change
in temperature.
He was busy.
It's like
a liquid in the liquid.
I will remain well
in the therapeutic act.
I observe the space,
my hands are relaxed,
I am centered,
I increase
the quality of my neutral, meaning I will
talk a little less,
there, it's changing, I'm busy reorganizing.
There, it's starting to gather.
It's like a warmth
that is busy concentrating.
It's funny because it wants to
and then at some point, when it comes,
it leaves again.
It's as if she's telling me, I'm going to go get another little something up there and I don't know.
Don't forget everything, we're going to look for...
So, we're going to try, you see, both of us to put ourselves
in the neutral again.
For that, sometimes, to help, I synchronize with the thoracic respiration.
I pass each time in my attention.
end-expiration phase, where
I allow the person to die from this state, that is to say
it is the transmutation or the
transformation, to have a new form, there, it
starts to gather, but it's still a transversal force, there, I'm going to
go all the way, you can perhaps start working.
On that, now, you must also have a rough representation of the heart.
This meeting towards the midline and then this looping and this lateral tilting
lateral
with the movement of supination and pronation, if you will.
At the same time, you also already have, I think, a dynamic in this
phase of liver development.
The stomach follows with the omental bursa.
And then, we also saw the intestine.
There, we have advanced much further on the posterior wall, with the placement
at the level of the renal lodge,
at the level of my adrenal glands, at the level of the entire gonadal system, of the uterus and of
the prostate,
which ultimately converge towards this median line.
We saw the birth axis a little bit, we saw that we could carry the pelvis in a different way this time,
this time,
and that there, there is a notion of calm and reduction.
of balancing, of rebalancing, it starts to come in, it
starts to settle,
this notion of the neutral, this notion of the meeting point,
this notion of two neutrals, to allow the emergence of this primary respiration
primary
which will gradually allow the tide, that is to say the therapeutic process,
to begin to establish itself, to be present, to accompany this process.
therapeutic. That means there's a kind of power in you, the potency that's there,
that needs to be awakened. The
importance of training one's mind, that is to say
to practice meditation to precisely learn to stabilize the mind a little. I
really
really need it since I'm very distracted and I invite everyone to do that because
it will give you more peace.
We need our imagination, which is also an intelligence, but be careful not to fall
only into one or the other.
You have to learn to mix them, to review embryology
which gives you a better understanding of anatomy.
Embryology is the establishment of living anatomy, and therefore which brings us both
to structure and function through a form.